[Music]
I've really enjoyed the our initial
presentation and the fact that we should
be focusing on health care as well as
costs and the big emphasis on data I
think is really important because
without data you can't really get
information or be able to make any
positive change there's a really big
field of people that have come in for it
both presenters and attendees and I
think this is always such a fertile sort
of seedbed for ideas and for networking
um and great things that we can all take
back to our lhds it's been a fantastic
conference so far so many excellent
speakers and really amazing
International presentations well I think
it's been very encouraging that the
Outlook is always in relation to the
patient the outcome of the patients and
I think that probably years from now
that's going to be the main driver for
any health Innovations I think the
biggest highlight is just a validation
that um Australia and America are
working on the same problems in the same
ways um and really trying to come up
with Collective solutions that are going
to improve the outcome of uh of the Care
delivery to cancer patients there's a
lot of old friends here as well as new
colleagues to meet um and just to hear
that um Innovations in cancer are
continuing to be made so there's new
content every every time I come along to
the conference I think it's um sharing
ideas with all the people who are doing
great work across New South Wales I
think it brings Innovation managers and
coace staff and administrators and lots
of different people together to talk
this is my third year now I think and
it's very interesting to see how
advances in technology seem to be
driving you know a lot of the discussion
we're having
today